added MultiPolygon GeoJSON constructor function (#7634)
arangodb/arangodb: Documentation/Books/AQL/Functions/Geo.md

@END_EXAMPLE_AQL
@endDocuBlock aqlGeoPolygon_2

### GEO_MULTIPOLYGON()

`GEO_MULTIPOLYGON(polygons) → geoJson`

> Construct a GeoJSON MultiPolygon. Needs at least two polygons in an array (You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Construct a GeoJSON MultiPolygon. Needs at least two Polygons in an array.
```

> can find the rules for the Polygon construction above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [GEO_POLYGON()](#geopolygon) for the rules of Polygon construction.
```

- **polygons** (array): array of polygons

> - returns **geoJson** (object|null): a valid GeoJSON Polygon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- returns **geoJson** (object|null): a valid GeoJSON MultiPolygon
```

> MultiPolygon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MultiPolygon comprised of a simple Polygon and a Polygon with hole:
```
